At this point we have the UI for our timeline here,
but if you click on any of the hearts here too likely
tweet nothing happens because we haven't set up that functionality yet.
So let's go ahead and do that right now.
So, what we'll do is if you remember in our api.js file we have
this function right here that we want to invoke to save
that specific like to our fake database.
So, what we will do is inside of our tweets.js
file for our actions let's go ahead and import that function,
save like toggle which is going to come from util/api and then now
what we want to do is we want to describe the specific event we will say Toggle Tweet.
Now let's make our action curator here,
this one will be called Toggle Tweets and what it
will take in is an object that has an ID,
not the user property as well as if the user has liked it or not,
and then it will return an action or an object that has
a property of type as the type property of Toggle Tweet.
Then we will just pass along all of the arguments here.
So, ID auth.user as well as has liked and then now
what we want to do is we want to create our asynchronous action creator,
which is going to be responsible for invoking our save like toggle function.
So what we will do this is going to be the function that we will
export we will call it Handle Toggle Tweet.
It's going to take in some tweet information
and then because we're going to do an Ajax request inside of here,
we want to return a function so that we can dispatch whenever we would like.
And then now the first thing we want to do is,
let's toggle the tweet passing it the info to this info object is going to have an ID.
Not the user as well as has liked
and then so you notice we're using Optimistic updates here.
So, then what we want to do is we want to invoke save like toggle passing it the info.
Then if there is an error, what we want to do,
let's go ahead and add a console.warn here saying Error in Handle Toggle Tweets.
So we get the error to the console.
Let's go ahead and dispatch first,
so we'll dispatch Toggle Tweet one more
time so it will just reset it back to what it was initially and
then we will say there was an error liking the tweet, try again.
All right, so now we have are action creator here which is responsible for dispatching,
Toggle Tweet, as well as saving that information to our database.
The next thing we need to do is actually build out our reducer,
so we can decide how the state of our Redux store is going
to change based on the toggle tweet action.